The Joe Rogan experience. Was Michael Landon Aqua man ?
Patrick Duffy. Patrick Duffy was man from Atlanta, man from Atlanta.
I saw the first thing did the first time I ever saw
something being filmed in California.
I had just come out from Ohio. It was 1976,
and traffic was all blocked off with the Malibu pier and it got out of my eye
and I saw the lights. It was in the data. It was, it was so long ago.
They still had lights for daytime shooting and they were about to do
a stunt where Patrick Duffy is,
the man from Atlantis was going to jump off the Malibu pier.
And I was so excited. I.
Used to try to swim like him. Cause remember the man.
He was swimmer. So something like apartment. And.
My favorite thing was what made him from Atlantis.
Was this part of his body had a web. Yes,
this is it right here. That was all I had. And couldn't he breathe under water.
He could breathe and water, but this made.
That was all they could afford with the special effects of webbing between his
thumb and forefinger. I'm so into Atlanta,
I'm not going to get Lance sky anywhere. Oh yeah. I love it.
I'm trying to figure out where it was. Do you.
Think they found it?
They think they found something that represents exactly what the depictions of
Atlantis were like these, these rings concentric rings.
They think that there's some place, oh God. I want to say like,
I want to say off of Spain of the coast of Spain, isn't.
Our guy Graham saying the basic Atlantis was the civil,
the pre-existing civilization. And it was not an island or one place.
It was all of it.
Yeah. Yeah. That's what they think. But you know, it's all speculation,
but whatever it was, you know, there's,
there's so many different versions of that.
So many different versions of this like spectacular sea port civilization that
was destroyed in the flood, like, um, the flood of the Bible,
like Noah's Ark, there's also, there's uh,
an ancient story called the epic of Gilgamesh.
And that in that story is a very similar story about a flood.
And this is one of the things that Graham Hancock points to that there's all
these civilizations that talk.
About. Yeah. They had no, no interaction with each other in theory.
And yet they all have the same oral histories.
I did a show with my boys called the low files and it's,
it was basically, um,
it was an excuse for my boys and I to run around in a souped up Raptor around
the country and explore urban legends. Oh wow.
And, and it was, it was Anthony Bordain meets Scooby-Doo.
Turtle wise. It was a dream come true. That sounds awesome.
It's a dream come true. What, what network was this for? And they.
Were great that they let us do it, but it couldn't have been a worse fit. Um,
the, when they put us with ancient aliens for one night,
we blew the roof off the place. Really?
And we got to look for the wood ape. We got to look for Bigfoot.
We did Poulter guys. Hello files.
See if you can find the opening credits for, for, for, for the low files.
That's one of my proudest. Yeah. What year is this? Like four years ago.
Let's see if they give me some volume on this spooky legends and scary
mysteries.
[inaudible] I didn't see my homage.
The very, very end. My homage to Hawaii.
Five-O it's a very last 30 seconds of the clip.
You have to see it because I'm sure you remember this great shot from Jack
Lord's credits. [inaudible] is it it's right at the end?
Go from here right here. Right here comes.
Do you remember that shot balcony? That
that's hilarious. I know I did. I designed.
That whole credit sequence. I got the song. I did the whole,
the whole that's one of my favorite things I've done. Blue oyster cult.
Don't fear the reap at its best.
It's a great song. So w w w w what are the subjects you went for Bigfoot?
We did big foot twice. We did big foot up in, um, in Northern California in,
in Walnut Creek. The fam Patterson Gimlin film was shot.
We did the turns out.
The wood ape of.
Arkansas.
Oklahoma is the most active place. And that was where we really,
where we had some really radical experiences where I heard stuff.
And you heard Matthew? Oh yeah. I heard like lip popping, like,
and the chest beating.
Really? What? You really think it was real. I, I heard chest beating. Right.
You know, who made a great Bigfoot movie Bobcat? Goldthwait what? Yup.
He made a great big foot move. Scary Bigfoot movie. What was it called again?
Do you remember him? Willow Creek. Willow Creek? Yeah.
Yeah. Did you remember, um, ever seen, um, I'm a mum. I'm a mum. Okay.
What is this?
He did it like a Blair witch style.
I'm writing that down. I love that. It's good, man. We had,
we had a great time and then it's all the,
with all these guys who are like real legit people,
they're like regular people and they spend their time out in the woods and
they've know how many are out there. And it's, it was crazy.
Matthew,
my youngest sons to the thermal imaging som hiding by like doing the thing with
the high by the tree. I don't know. I mean, here's a thing.
Like I like the slogan for the low files was it's more fun to believe.
It definitely is more fun to believe. And that's.
Really where I come down on it. It's like I don't have a dog in the fight,
but it's way more fun.
For sure. Way more fun. I want it to be, I want Bigfoot to be real.
I've always wanted it to be real mom.
The problem is the people looking at it also want it to be real. I, yes,
they're, they're trying so hard. Th they see shadows.
They think that our big foot, there's some interesting things.
There's some interesting things in terms of like dermal ridges,
they've found on footprints and.
There's there,
there's a lot of hair samples and that come back and they don't know where that,
what they got 'em from.
Really, really? Yeah. I looked into that. Tell me how it did.
I did a show called Joe Rogan questions,
everything for Spotify and me and my buddy Duncan went up to the Pacific
Northwest and we did,
we brought stuff to real biologists and we actually had samples analyzed.
They're all bare. And, and then when,
when they say that there's some human or primate primate DNA,
it's always contaminated. It's like the,
the chain of custody between the actual piece of hair and getting it to the lab
is always contaminated, right? Yeah. There's no one just stops.
It's next to their granola bars and their backpacks. And they're taking out.
If you touch something and you get your sweat on and it can show up as human DNA
or animal DNA mixed with human DNA. It's the,
the problem is the people that are into it. The real,
the real problem is they want to believe so bad that they,
they just have this crazy confirmation bias. And they, they,
they only look at the good things.
Are FA my favorite episodes of the low files are the ones where we didn't find.
They were my favorite. Cause that's fun.
Cause it's just a dad and two idiot kids, you know, having a blast.
The thing about Bigfoot that's interesting is native Americans had more than a
hundred different names for that animal and they don't have names for other
mythical creatures. And then on top of that,
there was an actual animal called the gigantic Gus.
And it was a huge ape ape-like creature that stood on two legs and
walked up. Right. And it was probably some sort of looked like Orangutang like,
it probably looked exactly like what we think of as big foot. It was an actual,
real animal. Have you ever seen the images of that?
It's funny.
There's the deep connection between native Americans and that legend is really,
really profound. Like I've had in, in the,
in one of the episodes that we did. We, we talk with with the,
some of the elders and they will say, no,
I one reached through the window and touched my chest. And like, it's like,
you're like, this guy is not crazy. This is not a crime.
I'm not talking to a crazy person.
Right. But they also have payoti well, that's true. Americans have other.
That's true. I would let you see Bigfoot. Maybe that's, that's the thing.
Like you only see big Bigfoot's real, but he's interdimensional.
You only see him when you're on drugs. That could happen.
That that absolutely could be real. Like if you get on the right psychedelics,
you'll meet him.